I enjoyed learning about Jehovah and the Paradise, so at an early age I came to love Jehovah.
Yet later on, doubts just started nagging away at me.
I was deeply troubled by all the horrible pain and suffering I saw on the nose.
Even though I knew and understood the sovereignty issue, I kept asking myself, why is it taking
so long?
I even started feeling a distance growing between me and Jehovah.
I did a lot of praying and studying during that time.
Mark and I also had many deep and meaningful conversations.
Then I saw a picture in the publications of a father carrying his little son on his shoulders.
That really resonated with me.
I wanted that same kind of trust that a child has in his father.
To feel that I could trust Jehovah without asking questions.
It became a real struggle between what I mentally understood and what I was feeling emotionally
in my heart.
I remember earnestly praying to Jehovah so that I could feel things as Jehovah feels
them.
At a certain point, an elder came to visit us.
He specifically asked me, Edith, how are you doing?
His interest and concern just made me open up and tell him what I was struggling with.
I remember he quoted a scripture.
It was at 2 Corinthians 10 verse 5 where it says, we must bring wrong thoughts into captivity.
I came to realize that our way of thinking is often so limited.
Jehovah sees everything.
He takes all factors into consideration.
As a result, those negative feelings couldn't grow and get stronger.
Now I could focus on positive thoughts.
That was the turning point.
I felt like Jehovah had literally held out his hand and pulled me up out of a deep hole
and put me back up high and gave me a new start.
Jehovah is not indifferent.
His love is the exact reason why he's waiting so patiently.
It's also helped me to be more patient with others.
Jehovah has given me the time and the opportunity to break out of that vicious circle.
And with his help, I succeeded.